When was the last time you lost your patience on the road at work or at home?
Our busy lives make it difficult for us to be patient
But to enjoy life we need patients more than ever even if it's being tested
But what does patients really mean?
Does it mean we just passively wait for something to change?
And how can patients affect our daily life?
The 2023 Exercise Patients Convention of Jehovah's Witnesses will show you what true patients is
Why we need it?
And how it can improve our relationships with others
God wants you to be happy
And as our creator he knows that exercising patience is vital
For more information go to JW.org